Event	Date	Time	Location	Registration
Poolside Cinema: The Wild Robot	April 22	6 PM-9 PM	SRC Pool	
Barbershop Talks	April 28	noon-2 PM	TSU Pub	
Destress at CBE	April 30	3:30 PM	SGMH3230	
Spring Concert	May 2	3 PM-9:30 PM	Intramural Fields	
Spring Into Finals Picnic	May 4	11 AM-1 PM	Central Quad	
End of Year Pool Bash	May 5	11 AM-2 PM	SRC Pool	
ASI Pantry: Finals To-Go	May 6	11 AM-1 PM	Pantry Patio	
Glow Late Night Study	May 7	6 PM-9 PM	TSU Lower Level	
National Speech, Language and Hearing Month	May 7	noon-2 PM	Main Quad	
Brolates	May 7	TBD	SRC Pool Deck & Dance Studio	
Rec'd All Night	Aug. 21	8:30 PM-11:30 PM	SRC	

Beyond the Conversation
ASI, in collaboration with the Division of Student Affairs and Strategic Enrollment Management, has joined forces to create a special series of events, headlined by guest speakers, focused on social justice and diversity with multiple perspectives, serving multiple communities. Throughout the year ASI also produces many smaller programs to supplement the speakers and their topics to better serve the diverse communities of CSUF.

ASI Student Programs & Engagement
ASI Student Programs & Engagement is devoted to being inclusive, innovative, and inspiring. We work to unify the campus communities and enhance the Titan experience every day because we believe the differences of our students create the Titan family. ASI’s Student Programs team puts on a wide array of different events and activities on campus each year for students to experience that help keep campus feeling fun and alive. We encourage you to come out to events, participate in activities, and get involved!
 

We are currently accepting applications for the ASI Street Team.

ASI Programming Board
The ASI Programming Board covers the entertainment part of ASI programming and hosts many weekly, biweekly, and special events on campus that give students something fun to look forward to, a chance to relieve some of the stress that comes along with being in school, or just something to do while taking a break between classes. Events range from things like karaoke and open mic to film screenings and concerts and include special events around midterms and finals and even the biggest event of the year, Spring Concert.

Association for InterCultural Awareness
The Association for Inter-Cultural Awareness (AICA) is the part of Programming that plans events to highlight, celebrate, and educate students about culture and diversity. Performances, showcases, festivals, and experiences bring out a variety of culture-based student organizations and campus departments for activities that all students are welcome to attend., AICA gives students and the campus community the chance to come together to learn, grow, and appreciate one another. AICA also serves as a funding source for events hosted by culture-based student organizations on campus.”

Street Team
The Street Team is a group of volunteers who ensure our events go as smoothly as possible, so every guest can engage and enjoy the event as they intended to. If you are interested in volunteering with us this year, please fill out our registration form.

Concerts
Our campus has the long-standing tradition of highlighting up and coming musical artist that bring a sense community to our student body. We will continue to bring high quality talent to perform their music but we will also add an interaction aspect where students will be able to interact with the band directly after the performance.
Late Night Study
This year unlike any other year, ASI Programming Board will be creating a virtual end of the year celebration for the students of Cal State Fullerton. We will bring new and unique programs for students to enjoy the end of the semester and create virtual spaces and programs that will help alleviate the stresses of Finals week. All Night Study is a tradition unlike anywhere other campus and we will continue to provide this for the students.

Spring Concert
The Spring Concert is the largest student ran program hosted at Cal State University Fullerton. This event highlights some of the music industry’s biggest talents like Miguel, Amine, Valentino Khan, and Cody Ko! Spring Concert also brings out the most popular food trucks and interactive games and rides for thousands of students to enjoy!

Contact Programming
Have questions or looking for more information? Feel free to give us a call, send us an email.

800 N. State College Blvd., Fullerton, CA 92831
(657) 278-7736
asispe@fullerton.edu
