nternational Student Support
Graduate Admissions Coordinator & International Student Advisor, Amy Dam, provides the following services for ECS International Undergraduate and Graduate Students:

Offer support and advising for Cultural Office requests
Organize College Events for International Students
Provide Graduate Probation advising and workshops
Inform students through updates and the ECS International Student Newsletter
Connect students with College and Department support services
Assist in the navigation of University Policies and Procedures
Connect students with the Office of International Student Services (ISS)
Guide students to appropriate Campus Resources
Advisor for the ECS International Titan student club
Campus Resources

Office of International Student Services

Office of Registration and Records

ECS Student Clubs

Student Success Center

International Student Employment

Career Center

Counseling and Psychological Services

Student Life and Leadership

Frequently Asked Questions

My Cultural Office is requesting a Study Plan, Extension Letter, and/or specialized letter from the College. Who can complete these documents for me?
Open Accordion
Please email the Graduate Admissions Coordinator & International Student Advisor your request and include your:

CWID
Cultural Office Advisor Name
Cultural Office Advisor Contact Information
Requests are handled in the order they are received and require three business days to complete.

How do I obtain a Verification of Enrollment (VOE) document?
Open Accordion
Please download the Verification Request Form, make the fee payment, and submit the completed form to the Office of Registration and Records.

Who can answer questions about my Visa status and/or Form I-20?
Open Accordion
All visa related inquires may be addressed to the ISS Office. You may also make a virtual appointment to meet with an ISS Advisor.

I have a “Hold” on my registration. Who can remove this?
Open Accordion
Please visit Titan Online to identify the office placing your Hold as well as the reason for the Hold. (e.g. If the Hold is from the ISS office, you may make an appointment to meet with an ISS Advisor to discuss the status of the Hold.)

Who do I contact to request a Tutoring Support letter required by my Cultural Office?
Open Accordion
Students must contact the professor of the course for which tutoring is requested to request a letter verifying the necessity of a private off-campus tutor. This letter should be sent to the Graduate Admissions Coordinator & International Student Advisor and must include: a) the course number and academic semester b) the reason why the student must seek a private off-campus tutor c) the name or signature of the professor. *A letter will not be issued to the Cultural Office if tutoring for the designated course is available through a college or campus tutoring center.

Where can I find information about internship and job opportunities for international students?
Open Accordion
You may attend an ECS Career Workshop for International Students, visit the campus Career Center.

How can I learn more about Curricular Practical Training (CPT) and Optional Practical Training (OPT) work authorizations?
Open Accordion
You may read about CPT and OPT requirements on the ISS website as well as attend an ISS Workshop in person/virtually.

Where may I find information about events and activities for ECS International Students?
Open Accordion
The ECS International Advisor will notify all students of upcoming academic events, workshops, and activities for international students by email, portal messages, and flyers. Additionally, all students may join the ECS International Titan student club which holds special events, activities, and career prepration opportunities for undergraduate and graduate international students.

Still Need Additional Support?

Please contact Amy Dam, Graduate Admissions Coordinator & International Student Advisor for ECS.